[4214][11.0][ADD] product_name_translate_false (#368)
qrtl/sst-custom: product_name_translate_false/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module disables the translation of the product's name field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module disables the product name field translation, as a workaround for the performance issue described in https://github.com/odoo/odoo/issues/18679.
```
